Move format option from LocalImageProps to ImageSharedProps (#10642)
withastro/astro: .changeset/lovely-trees-wait.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Moves format option from LocalImageProps to ImageSharedProps to solve type error when using format with remote images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes typing issues when using `format` and `quality` options with remote images
```
